fix: domain list endpoint only accepts get requests (#1506)
jamesog/cloudflare-go: .changelog/1506.txt

```release-note:bug

> fix: Fix request method to call domain list endpint from POST to GET

Reviewer: ```suggestion
registrar: Fix request method to call domain list endpoint from POST to GET
```
